this is when a person grossly Alters or
reshapes internal or external reality
for example I once got into a minor
verbal conflict with a man at a dog park
he had parked very close to my car and
as a result I wasn't able to open my
door after getting out the passenger
side I asked him to please move his car
which caused him to become visibly
agitated now I wasn't doing anything
threatening but clearly he felt
threatened by the mere fact of my
frustration out of the
he said you know what happens if you hit
me right I was taken aback because I
hadn't threatened to hit him I just
wanted him to move his car but the look
in his eye made me feel like I'd somehow
been abusing him for years even though
we'd never met then he pointed to the
dog sitting in his car and he spat he'll
rip your throat
out now this exchange was deeply
disturbing to me the man's reaction was
not reality based nothing about what was
happening happening would suggest to a
reasonable person that they were in any
sort of danger or that it would be
appropriate to say that their dog was
going to rip my throat out I could only
assume that in his mind I somehow
represented a grave threat to his
physical safety I became a concrete
representation of his internal fear and
apprehension